To Get Conssul working: 
	Instal consul
	run consul: "consul agent -dev"

	For our projects :
		Add consul dependency 
		Add a property field to our project

Consul: (Service Registry)
	Problem: As a developer or maintainer, I want a simple way to track all of our services. 
	
	Service-Registry provides us a nice way of keeping track of all of our services. 

	It utilises the client-service's actuator endpoints. Sending http requests to the endpoints. 
	Consul will do a "heart-beat" every so often, to check whether each service is up and healthy. 

	(Before Consul we had Eureka, Eureka was itself a Spring bot project that was mainatined 
		by Netflix. 


Netflix OSS stack: 
	Zuul: (Unifiied API gateway)
		problem: our eco-system are split into multiple ports/services
		We don't want our users or even other developers to know that and to navigate manually
		to different services. 

		Provide a single point of access to multiple services. 

		"Zuul is an edge service taht proxies requests to multiple backing services. 
		IT provides a unifed "front door" to our system. Which allows a browser, mobile app or
		any other example of user interfaces to consume services from multiple hosts. 
		IT means we don't need to manage cross-orogin resoure sharing and each service doesn't
		have to authenticate each other."


	Ribbon: (load balancer)
		problem: How to control traffic to my services to make sure a single instance isn't
			overwhelmed

		Ribbon is a load balancer. It routes traffic to the appropriate services. Other services
		like Zuul can integrate into their own routing services. 

	Hystrix: (circuit breaker)
		problem: What happens if one of our services is down. (Due to an outage)
		
		Hystrix is designed to stop cascading failures and enable resilience in a distributed
		system. 

		"Hystrix is a latency and fault tolerance design to isolate points of access to remote
		systems and services. Stop cascading failures and enables reslilience in complex distributed 
		systems where failure is inevitable"

	RabbitMQ: (messaging queue)
		problem: now that I have multiple servcies constantly communicating with each other, 
			how do I stop a service being overwhelmed by multiple different requests. 


